Resume points
1. Inter IIT
2. WiDS Time Series
3. Financial Analysis Bootcamp
4. Course Projects
Analog Lab, Digital Lab, 309
5. SoS
6. SoC
7. SoQ
8. LS -> Game Theory

9. TUB INTERN

PORs
1. Subsystem Lead
2. DAMP
3. SoS Mentor
4. SoC Mentor



1. Development of a Python script to iterate through two time constant electrochemical Equivalent Circuit Model (ECM) and choose the best model across different operating conditions, current densities and cycles of Accelerated Stress Test, based on minimization of Mean Absolute Percentage Error, and extract the relevant circuit features
2. Investigation of previous approaches to modelling the dynamics of a PEM Fuel Cell and predicting the amount of degradation over time using ML models
4. Generate a framework using decision tree classifiers to segregate the cells available in a public dataset based on the amount of degradation observed in the cathode layer
3. Developed and validated an XGBoost model framework to predict the charge transfer resistance at the cathode over different cycles of the AST, given cathode layer compositions like platinum load, ionomer to carbon ratio, etc and operating points derived from CV and EIS measurements and the ECM model

1. Investigate previous approaches on prediction of 


1. Learnt about momentum, volume and volatility based technical indicators used for predicting market movements and performed detailed analysis of where they can be applied
2. Explored vectorized backtesting methods using Pandas, along with event based backtesting libraries like Backtrader
3. Evaluated the performance of a simple moving average and Ichimoku cloud strategy using metrics like the Sharpe ratio and maximum drawdown 
4. Explored rule based strategies like mean reversion and machine learning models like XGBoost with optimized hyperparameters during in-sample testing


1. Explored the use cases of ARIMA models for predicting time series and explored how we can determine the coefficients using ACF and PACF plots in idealized scenarios
2. Attempted to predict stock market prices of Tesla over a year using the ARIMA model after first order differencing by tuning the number of lag terms obtained from a grid search and using AIC and BIC metrics
3. Performed the same task using a multivariate LSTM which combined both previous stock prices as well as sentiment analysis obtained from news articles about the company  